Add PR template (#315)
digital-asset/daml: .github/pull_request_template.md

### Pull Request Checklist

[ ] Read and understand the [contribution guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md)
[ ] Include appropriate tests
[ ] Set a descriptive title and thorough description

> [ ] Add a reference to the solved [issue](https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/issues), if appropriate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ ] Add a reference to the [issue this PR will solve](https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/issues), if appropriate
```
